src/resources/info.md, before:

## Getting to the Corn Exchange

By now you should know how you're getting to Cambridge be it by train, coach, car or horse.
The Cambridge Corn exchange is about a 20 minute walk from the train station. For more details
you can check [your dashboard](/apply/dashboard) or see [directions page on the Corn Exchange website](https://www.cambridgelivetrust.co.uk/cornex/venue-info/directions-and-parking-0){target="_blank"}.

## The Guildhall

We'll be holding workshops and serving food from the Guildhall, as well as providing a sleeping space to rest during the night. The Guildhall is just a few minutes' walk from the Corn Exchange. It'll be well-signposted and we'll have volunteers to lead the way for each of the meals and workshops, so you won't have any trouble finding your way there.

## Hardware

We'll have a range of hardware for you to make use of during the event. You'll be able to sign out hardware shortly before, and during, the event kicks off &mdash; first-come first-served, so if you're particularly keen to use some of the equipment, make sure to get in there early!

We currently plan to have the following hardware available to hackers:

- 1&times; Alienware Desktop Set
- 2&times; Amazon Echo
- 2&times; Arduino 101
- 2&times; Base Shield
- 6&times; Estimote Beacon
- 1&times; Amazon Fire Phone
- 2&times; Gear VR
- 1&times; Grove Kit
- 7&times; Intel Edison
- 1&times; Intel Starter Kit
- 5&times; Leap Motion
- 1&times; Muse
- 2&times; Oculus Rift
- 2&times; Pebble Time
- 2&times; Photons

## Food &amp; Snacks

We'll be providing meals throughout the event (lunch on Saturday, midnight pizza, and breakfast and lunch on Sunday), and plenty of snacks (including freshly-baked waffles!) and drinks will be available to keep you energised while you hack. Special requirements? Don't worry: we have you covered. Check out the [Schedule](#schedule) for the timing details. Meals will be served from the Guildhall, but there'll be snacks and drinks in the Corn Exchange itself.

## Emergencies

In the event of an emergency, please note the UK emergency phone number: **999**.
If you need to leave the building (e.g. for a fire), please leave the building promptly
through the nearest fire exit. Do not pick up your laptop or hardware hacks or swag.

## Submitting Your Hack

We are using [Devpost](http://devpost.com) for hack submissions. Never used it before? It's an online platform for sharing your projects.

- All hacks must be submitted before hacking ends at 12:45:00pm
- You must submit all relevant source code for your hack

We'll be posting more details on this closer to the time.

Commit message:

Add more information about submission

src/resources/info.md, after:

## Getting to the Corn Exchange

By now you should know how you're getting to Cambridge be it by train, coach, car or horse.
The Cambridge Corn exchange is about a 20 minute walk from the train station. For more details
you can check [your dashboard](/apply/dashboard) or see [directions page on the Corn Exchange website](https://www.cambridgelivetrust.co.uk/cornex/venue-info/directions-and-parking-0){target="_blank"}.

## The Guildhall

We'll be holding workshops and serving food from the Guildhall, as well as providing a sleeping space to rest during the night. The Guildhall is just a few minutes' walk from the Corn Exchange. It'll be well-signposted and we'll have volunteers to lead the way for each of the meals and workshops, so you won't have any trouble finding your way there.

## Hardware

We'll have a range of hardware for you to make use of during the event. You'll be able to sign out hardware shortly before, and during, the event kicks off &mdash; first-come first-served, so if you're particularly keen to use some of the equipment, make sure to get in there early!

We currently plan to have the following hardware available to hackers:

- 1&times; Alienware Desktop Set
- 2&times; Amazon Echo
- 2&times; Arduino 101
- 2&times; Base Shield
- 6&times; Estimote Beacon
- 1&times; Amazon Fire Phone
- 2&times; Gear VR
- 1&times; Grove Kit
- 7&times; Intel Edison
- 1&times; Intel Starter Kit
- 5&times; Leap Motion
- 1&times; Muse
- 2&times; Oculus Rift
- 2&times; Pebble Time
- 2&times; Photons

## Food &amp; Snacks

We'll be providing meals throughout the event (lunch on Saturday, midnight pizza, and breakfast and lunch on Sunday), and plenty of snacks (including freshly-baked waffles!) and drinks will be available to keep you energised while you hack. Special requirements? Don't worry: we have you covered. Check out the [Schedule](#schedule) for the timing details. Meals will be served from the Guildhall, but there'll be snacks and drinks in the Corn Exchange itself.

## Emergencies

In the event of an emergency, please note the UK emergency phone number: **999**.
If you need to leave the building (e.g. for a fire), please leave the building promptly
through the nearest fire exit. Do not pick up your laptop or hardware hacks or swag.

## Submitting Your Hack

We are using [Devpost](http://devpost.com) for hack submissions. Never used it before? It's an online platform for sharing your projects.

- All hacks must be submitted before hacking ends at 12:45:00pm
- You must submit all relevant source code for your hack

Sign up or login at [recurse.devpost.com](https://recurse.devpost.com/). Every member of your team needs to have a Devpost account. Only one
of you needs to do the next step.

Click on the big "Enter a Submission " button to enter your hack. 

- You'll be asked for a description of your hack. Please give a good overview of what you've developed (screenshots are great!). Judges will
be using this in part to assess your hack. 
- You'll be asked to list your team members. Enter in all of the accounts for the members so we know who has created what.
- You'll also be asked which challenges you're wanting to enter - make sure to list every challenge you want to be 
elligible for a prize for!

You'll want to put a bit of thought into how you'll be presenting your hack at our expo.
