README.md, before:

# Hack Cambridge Website
![alt tag](https://travis-ci.org/HackCambridge/hack-cambridge-website.svg?branch=master)
## Getting Started

To run the website on your machine, make sure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) installed. Then inside this folder, run

```bash
npm install
npm start
```

And your server will be ready to go.

## Environment Variables

Certain environment variables need to be available for features to work. For convenience
you can do this in the `.env` file at the root of your project.

```
MAILCHIMP_API_KEY=
MAILCHIMP_LIST_ID=
APPLICATION_URL=
TEAM_APPLICATION_URL=
STRIPE_PUBLISH_KEY=
STRIPE_PRIVATE_KEY=
GOOGLE_SHEETS_AUTH_EMAIL=
GOOGLE_SHEETS_AUTH_KEY=
GOOGLE_SHEETS_WIFI_SHEET_ID=
MYMLH_CLIENT_ID=
MYMLH_CLIENT_SECRET=
AUTH_SESSION_SECRET=
MAILGUN_API_KEY=
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=
S3_BUCKET=
PGHOST=
PGUSER=
PGDATABASE=
PGPASSWORD=
PGPORT=
SLACK_API_TOKEN=
```

## Database

To use our database in development, you'll first need to start it. Make sure you have [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) installed. Then run

```
docker-compose up
```

And now you can connect to it on port 5432

```
psql --host=localhost --username=postgres
```

### Migrations

Before starting the app for the first time, you'll need to put the tables in the places:

```
npm run migrate
```

We are using the sequelize CLI to manage migrations. So to create your own:

```
npm run sequelize -- migration:create --name YOURMIGRATION
```

## OAuth2 API

We run an API which authenticates admin users via tokens. Currently the only way to create tokens is
through scripts. To create a user:

```
npm run hc-script -- create-admin --email email@domain.com --name UserName
```

To then create a token for that user:

```
npm run hc-script -- create-token email@domain.com
```

Once you have your token, you can use it to authenticate requests to the API in your HTTP headers:

```
Authorization: Bearer <<TOKEN GOES HERE >>
```

## Responses

To send responses to applicants, you can use the `respond` script:

```
npm run hc-script respond invite applications.json
```

You can either `invite` or `reject`.

`applications.json` refers to an applications file, which can be generated with `suggest-responses`.

```
npm run hc-script -- suggest-responses invite 50 applications.json
```

The use of this script requires a score augmentor function for any custom scoring logic. It is placed in `src/js/hc-scripts/augment-score.js`.
It takes in a computed application object and returns an augmented score. The identity function (leaving the score unchanged) looks like this:

```
module.exports = ({ rating }) => rating;
```

It also makes use of a selection script stored in `src/js/hc-scripts/choose-applicants.js`
This takes a sorted list of applications, a result count limit and an inviteType
and returns a list of the suggested applications to invite/reject.
E.g. to just takes the top n in the sorted list:

```
module.exports = ( (sortedApplications, n, inviteType) => {
  return sortedApplications.slice(0, n));
});
```

## Build System

This uses [Gulp](http://gulpjs.org). Install it globally, and then run to build styles and scripts.

```bash
npm install -g gulp
gulp build # Build the assets
gulp serve # Start the server, automatically build assets and reload the browser when changes are made
gulp watch # Watch for changes in assets and build automatically
gulp build --prod # Build production assets (or set NODE_ENV to production)
```

## Rolling your own

Want to run this in production? Hack Cambridge runs on [Heroku](https://heroku.com) so we recommend that. This application
handles a lot of sensitive user data so you'll want to make sure **https is implemented and enforced**.

Commit message:

Close applications via .env var

README.md, after:

# Hack Cambridge Website
![alt tag](https://travis-ci.org/HackCambridge/hack-cambridge-website.svg?branch=master)
## Getting Started

To run the website on your machine, make sure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) installed. Then inside this folder, run

```bash
npm install
npm start
```

And your server will be ready to go.

## Environment Variables

Certain environment variables need to be available for features to work. For convenience
you can do this in the `.env` file at the root of your project.

```
MAILCHIMP_API_KEY=
MAILCHIMP_LIST_ID=
APPLICATION_URL=
TEAM_APPLICATION_URL=
STRIPE_PUBLISH_KEY=
STRIPE_PRIVATE_KEY=
GOOGLE_SHEETS_AUTH_EMAIL=
GOOGLE_SHEETS_AUTH_KEY=
GOOGLE_SHEETS_WIFI_SHEET_ID=
MYMLH_CLIENT_ID=
MYMLH_CLIENT_SECRET=
AUTH_SESSION_SECRET=
MAILGUN_API_KEY=
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=
S3_BUCKET=
PGHOST=
PGUSER=
PGDATABASE=
PGPASSWORD=
PGPORT=
SLACK_API_TOKEN=
APPLICATIONS_OPEN_STATUS=
```

## Database

To use our database in development, you'll first need to start it. Make sure you have [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) installed. Then run

```
docker-compose up
```

And now you can connect to it on port 5432

```
psql --host=localhost --username=postgres
```

### Migrations

Before starting the app for the first time, you'll need to put the tables in the places:

```
npm run migrate
```

We are using the sequelize CLI to manage migrations. So to create your own:

```
npm run sequelize -- migration:create --name YOURMIGRATION
```

## OAuth2 API

We run an API which authenticates admin users via tokens. Currently the only way to create tokens is
through scripts. To create a user:

```
npm run hc-script -- create-admin --email email@domain.com --name UserName
```

To then create a token for that user:

```
npm run hc-script -- create-token email@domain.com
```

Once you have your token, you can use it to authenticate requests to the API in your HTTP headers:

```
Authorization: Bearer <<TOKEN GOES HERE >>
```

## Responses

To send responses to applicants, you can use the `respond` script:

```
npm run hc-script respond invite applications.json
```

You can either `invite` or `reject`.

`applications.json` refers to an applications file, which can be generated with `suggest-responses`.

```
npm run hc-script -- suggest-responses invite 50 applications.json
```

The use of this script requires a score augmentor function for any custom scoring logic. It is placed in `src/js/hc-scripts/augment-score.js`.
It takes in a computed application object and returns an augmented score. The identity function (leaving the score unchanged) looks like this:

```
module.exports = ({ rating }) => rating;
```

It also makes use of a selection script stored in `src/js/hc-scripts/choose-applicants.js`
This takes a sorted list of applications, a result count limit and an inviteType
and returns a list of the suggested applications to invite/reject.
E.g. to just takes the top n in the sorted list:

```
module.exports = ( (sortedApplications, n, inviteType) => {
  return sortedApplications.slice(0, n));
});
```
## Closing applications

You can control whether or not applications are open using the APPLICATION_OPEN_STATUS environment variable. This takes a value of either
`open` or `closed`.

## Build System

This uses [Gulp](http://gulpjs.org). Install it globally, and then run to build styles and scripts.

```bash
npm install -g gulp
gulp build # Build the assets
gulp serve # Start the server, automatically build assets and reload the browser when changes are made
gulp watch # Watch for changes in assets and build automatically
gulp build --prod # Build production assets (or set NODE_ENV to production)
```

## Rolling your own

Want to run this in production? Hack Cambridge runs on [Heroku](https://heroku.com) so we recommend that. This application
handles a lot of sensitive user data so you'll want to make sure **https is implemented and enforced**.
